README.md, before:

# RoboLab-WS1415-TUD

This repository houses the RoboLab project for the course RoboLab at TU Dresden and was created by **Felix Wittwer, Steffi Macak, Tim Stelzig** and **Max Ulitzka** (Group 7, 16.03.2015 - 28.03.2015).

## Setting up the Workspaces

If you want to use the Source Code provided in this repo on your NXT, follow these Steps:

1. Git-clone the repo

2. If you have not already, install the `Eclipse IDE for C/C++` (can be found [here](http://www.eclipse.org)) on your computer along with the additional packages and drivers, provided in this [Dropbox folder](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/1g4fsap2re78npf/AAA6sP436yRCfl63jRXyvyo8a) inside the HowTo-File.

3. Download the Eclipse-Workspace for the Robot from [here](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/1g4fsap2re78npf/AAAIDFSSb8KU26nl98dBy6_oa/workspace_robot.zip).

4. Extract the files from the archive and copy should not cause any trouble with the workspace and the path to the includes.


If you want to run the Simulation, wait until the corresponding instruction is added here.


## Additional Information

* [What is RoboLab?](http://tu-dresden.de/die_tu_dresden/fakultaeten/fakultaet_informatik/sysa/se/teaching/courses/ws/einfuehrungspraktikum_roboter_lab/index_html/document_view?set_language=en)

Commit message:

Updated README.md (added instructions for Simulation)

README.md, after:

# RoboLab-WS1415-TUD

This repository houses the RoboLab project for the course RoboLab at TU Dresden and was created by **Felix Wittwer, Steffi Macak, Tim Stelzig** and **Max Ulitzka** (Group 7, 16.03.2015 - 28.03.2015).

## Setting up the Workspaces

If you want to use the Source Code provided in this repo on your NXT, follow these steps:

1. Git-clone the Repo.

2. If you have not already, install the `Eclipse IDE for C/C++` (can be found [here](http://www.eclipse.org)) on your computer along with the additional packages and drivers, provided in this [Dropbox folder](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/1g4fsap2re78npf/AAA6sP436yRCfl63jRXyvyo8a) inside the HowTo-File.

3. Download the Eclipse-Workspace for the Robot from [here](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/1g4fsap2re78npf/AAAIDFSSb8KU26nl98dBy6_oa/workspace_robot.zip).

4. Extract the files from the archive, rename the folder `workspace_robot` to `Robot-Workspace` and rename the folder `example` inside to `RoboLab`.

5. Now copy this folder in the Repo and pull it again to overwrite the example files.

6. **You're done!**


If you want to run the Simulation, follow these steps:

1. Git-clone the Repo.

2. If you have not already, install the `Eclipse IDE for C/C++` (can be found [here](http://www.eclipse.org)) on your computer and follow the steps 8 - 16 provided in the [HowTo-File](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/1g4fsap2re78npf/AACJvdiu4OgfuEIxI9zx_3Mba/How_to_start.txt).

3. Download the Eclipse-Workspace for the Simulation from [here](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/1g4fsap2re78npf/AADFN1Pjng5CqbAXEfx-IaBga/workspace_simulation.zip).

4. Extract the files from the archive, rename the folder `workspace_simulation` to `Simulation-Workspace`.

5. Now copy this folder in the Repo and pull it again to overwrite the example files.

6. **You're done!**

## Additional Information

* [What is RoboLab?](http://tu-dresden.de/die_tu_dresden/fakultaeten/fakultaet_informatik/sysa/se/teaching/courses/ws/einfuehrungspraktikum_roboter_lab/index_html/document_view?set_language=en)
